13 March 2003

Started with the notes from adding MaxCarb to the CVS repository (see the
file C:\local\soft-dev\apps\maxCarb\v1-0\notes.txt).

Note:	When the MaxCarb notes were written, the repository was on the F:
	drive of the local host (which was actually a different computer
	called DECAYCLASS2).  For these notes, the repository is on the
	web server "sequoia.fsl.orst.edu".

___ Added SUE module to CVS ___

Telnet'ed to sequoia as CVS administrator (cvs).  Checked out a working copy
of the administrative directory:

    cvs@sequoia% cd sandbox
    cvs@sequoia% cvs co CVSROOT
    cvs checkout: Updating CVSROOT
    U CVSROOT/checkoutlist
    U CVSROOT/commitinfo
    ...

Edited the "modules" file, and added the "SUE" module to refer to the
directory "apps/SUE".  NOTE:  Also added entries for "standCarb" and
"maxCarb".  Committed the "modules" file.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
21 March 2003

___ Setup directory for import ___

Among the files Justin gave me when he left, the folder "20UncEst" has the
source code for the program he built on 3 Sept 2002 (which eventually got
called beta release 1).  Copied this folder to "1.0-b1/20UncEst".  Cleaned
out the object file folders, "Debug" and "Release", along with various
spreadsheets.

___ Imported SUE project ___

In WinCVS:

 *  Selected the "Explore" tab for the left-hand window.  Selected the
    folder "C:\local\soft-dev\apps\SUE\CVS-import
 *  Selected "Create -> Import module from selection"
 *  In "Import settings" dialog box:
    	module name and path on remote server: apps/SUE
	vendor tag: forestry_oregonstate_edu
	release tag: import
	Log message:  Importing 3 Sept 2002 release of SUE

___ Checked out working directory ___

Renamed the folder for beta release 2 from "1.0" to "1.0-b2".  Then in
WinCVS, 

 *  Selected "Create -> Checkout module"
 *  In "Checkout settings" dialog box:
	module name and path on the server: SUE
	[X] Override   Check out as:  1.0
	Local folder to checkout to:  C:\local\soft-dev\apps\SUE

___ Changed location in WinCVS ___

Changed location to the new working directory by clicking the toolbar
button with the binoculars in front of a folder.  In the "Save Settings"
dialog box, entered the name "SUE_1.0".

___ Tagged beta release 1 of 1.0 ___

In WinCVS:

 *  Selected the "1.0" folder in the left-hand windows ("Modules" tab).
    Made sure no files selected in right-hand window.
 *  Clicked the "T" icon (first one on left in second toolbar).
 *  Entered the tag "rel_1-0-beta-1" in dialog box.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
21 March 2003

___ Updated working directory to match beta release 2 ___

Started with the sub-folder "parser".  Using "diff" command in Cygwin shell,
identified which files were different between the working directory "1.0"
and beta release 2 "1.0-b2":

  parser.pgp
  parser.pgw
	These two Parser-Generator files changed because the whole VC++ project
        was moved to a different directory.

  myparser.cpp
  myparser.h
  myparser.v
	These files changed because I ran a slightly different version of
	Parser Generator than Justin did on the same input file "myparser.y".

Copied these 5 files from "1.0-b2/parser" to "1.0/parser".  Then "touch"ed
them in Cygwin, so their date-times were more recent than the check-out
date-time of all the other files in the "1.0/parser" folder.

Onto the main folder, i.e., "1.0" versus "1.0-b2".  Did a "diff" on the
two folders.  "grep"ing this output file for "^Only" listed the files that
were added, removed, and renamed in beta release 2.

  Obsolete files:
    StdAfx.cpp
    StdAfx.h
	This source file had no real code.

    VarFromEqAction.[cpp,h]
    histogram.[cpp,h]
	These 4 files weren't in the VC++ project, so they weren't even
	being compiled.

    In WinCVS, removed all these obsolete files.

  New files:
    buildDate.[cpp,h]
    progInfo.[cpp,h]
    version.cpp

    Copied these new files from "1.0-b2" to "1.0".  In WinCVS, added these
    new files.

  Renamed files:
    uncest.cpp --> main.cpp
    uncest.dsp --> SUE.dsp
    uncest.dsw --> SUE.dsw
    bogus.txt  --> sample_input.txt

    In Windows Explorer in the "1.0" folder, made a copy of each file under
    its new name.  In WinCVS, added the 4 files with new names, and removed
    the 4 files with the old names.  Committed each pair (old file that had
    been removed, and new file that had been added) with a comment about
    the renaming.

    Three of these renamed files were changed in beta release 2:
      main.cpp
      SUE.dsp
      SUE.dsw
    Copied these files from "1.0-b2" into "1.0".  In WinCVS, committed the
    files.

Copied the files that had changed in beta release 2 into "1.0" folder.  See
the file "diff_b1_b2.txt" for the list.  All but one of those files --
process_cmd_line.cpp -- had a minor change: the removal of an unnecessary
header file "stdafx.h".  Then, in WinCVS, committed the files.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
23 March 2003

___ Tagged beta release 2 of 1.0 ___

In WinCVS:

 *  Selected the "1.0" folder in the left-hand windows ("Modules" tab).
 *  Clicked the "T" icon (first one on left in second toolbar).
 *  Entered the tag "rel_1-0-beta-2" in dialog box.
